Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[Mutters]
[Both chuckle softly]
Man: You OK?
Yeah. I'm ready.
[Loud clank in distance]
Woman: OK.
[Man exhales sharply]
Man: I have to pee.
Woman: You have to pee?
Go for it.
Oh. yeah.
There's no one here.
OK.
Fuck. Except that guy.
[Woman chuckles]
Man: I'll just
go with it.
[Woman chuckles]
Woman: I don't think he
even noticed we're here.
OK.
[Man groans]
[Chuckles]
Man: OK. fuck. OK. This
is actually happening.
Yeah.
Maybe I shouldn't have
the strap around my wrist
so that my wrist
doesn't fall off when--
OK. But when are--
Fuck.
Man: So we go straight.
straight like a candle.
Yeah. I'm crossing my legs
so I don't split in two.
Argh. Fucking come on.
Don't look down.
I'm gonna be sick
in a minute.
OK.
Now shooting.
Are you doing this
with me?
Yeah. We'll do this
together.
This is gonna look
good in the film.
[Yells]
I'm gonna count down...
Oh. fuck.
from 10--
until 1.
Oh. fuck.
And on zero. you jump.
OK. Holding hands.
10. 9. 8...
Fuck.
7. 6...
Fuck. fuck.
5. 4. 3...
[Groaning]
[Yells]
2. 1. Go! Aah!
Aah!
[Loud thud]
[Muffled sound of
pool waves]
["Okostrom" by Mia playing]
Mia: ♪ Ich bin heut morgen
aufgewacht ♪
♪ Was hab ich seitdem alles
falsch gemacht ♪
♪ Eine Stimme aus dem Radio ♪
♪ Sagt heute
wär sie gar nicht froh ♪
♪ Das wir auf fremde kosten
glücklich sind ♪
♪ Ich seh mich um und glaub
das es stimmt ♪
♪ Klebt an meinem Kaffee Blut ♪
♪ Schmecke das halb nur halb
so gut ♪
♪ Dann geh ich auf die Straße ♪
♪ Und das tut weh ♪
♪ Weil ich statt einem Lächeln ♪
♪ Nur leere Gesichter she ♪
♪ Ich bin gerad aufgewacht ♪
♪ Hab meine Augen aufgemacht ♪
♪ Für einen ersten ♪
♪ Schritt ist es nie zu spät ♪
♪ Ich habe angefangen ♪
♪ Ich hab jetzt Ökostrom ♪
♪ Ich will mein Leben ♪
♪ Weil es sonst
ein andrer lebt... ♪
♪ Lebt... ♪
Man: That's Zoe.
She's an actress.
I can do a handstand
as well.
[Thud]
Ooh. fuck.
And this is me--Ollie.
I make films.
We got engaged one year ago
and have been in an open
relationship for three months.
which means we are
mostly committed
but allowed to cheat
on each other.
Zoe is the love of my life.
but I always felt like I didn't
make the most of my 20s.
that I was
a sexual underachiever.
So with the wedding as
the finishing line.
being open seems
like the perfect way
to get that out of my system.
I am part German. though.
so I did insist on some rules.
Zoe: You want me
to read it out?
Ollie: Do you mind
if you read them out?
OK. let me get it.
This is the
"Monogamous Manifesto."
the rules that
we have set up
to safeguard
our love.
What if your man
becomes grubby. lazy...
What do you mean.
"becomes"?
[Laughter]
Zoe: Rule number one--
our primary goal is to
create a fun. happy.
healthy sexually
exciting relationship
with each other.
Satisfying our
libidos and egos
always comes second
to the health
and happiness of
our relationship.
Do you love me?
How much?
[Chuckling]
That much.
The second rule of
the manifesto.
which states that
there is to be
plenty of warning before
sleeping with someone else
and that only samesies--
same-sex encounters--
are permitted.
But I just fucked a guy.
so we're way past that.
Yeah. yeah.
I'm growing a lot
because we have to talk
a lot about stuff--
Talk 'cause we're
doing this.
But also. you know.
before something
happens and afterwards.
Zoe. voice-over:
Rule number 3--
honesty is paramount.
and we talk about
every encounter.
Do you need to talk.
boyfriend-husband?
Do you want to
talk about it?
I've got so much detail.
Ollie: No. no. that's
good. I'm fine.
I've got so much to tell
you about. his oblong--
OK. that's fine. That's
fine. I'm fine. Ugh.
Ollie. voice-over: Zoe and I
are making this film together.
And. yes. as if
all this sleeping around
isn't self-indulgent enough.
here we are making what
is essentially a selfie film.
[Laughter]
Using mainly our phones.
the camera is only ever
an arm's length away.
This is natural.
isn't it?
So I've put your phone
in the corner there.
You want me to put
my phone where?
I've just put it
on a tripod.
Just leave it there.
Yeah. that's
good. Yup.
Ollie. voice-over:
Same for the microphones.
Like here...
I'm in charge of it...
and here...
and here.
Don't. Is it right on
the back of the pants or...?
I mean...
Ollie: OK. Do I need
to show off
all the gear I got.
do you think?
Are people
gonna care?
Zoe: They don't care
about your gear.
You know what they do
care about. though. babe?
You know what they
are gonna like?
The carrot?
No. not the carrot.
And you
fellating it.
[Chuckling]
No.
No. they're gonna
care about
what's in the other
package.
This gear?
Uh-uh-uh.
Ollie. voice-over:
Using us as the main subjects.
the idea is to highlight
an alternative to monogamy.
That you can have your
cake and eat it. too.
I love cake.
[Zoe laughing]
Zoe: No. no. Come on.
OK. Can you please
tell us. Ollie.
what is that
that you have there?
And please pull it up
into shot.
Further into shot. Higher.
Higher. higher. higher.
high--yeah. Good.
Now we got it.
What is it. Ollie?
It's a pumping device.
For?
Um. for you. really.
You bought--well. what
are you gonna pump for me?
OK. This is how it works.
Give me a carrot.
[Laughs]
Give you a carrot?
OK.
And...
Is--
[Imitates sound
of air whooshing]
Hang on.
It's suction.
You put water in
and then...
like. you push
the water out...
Yeah.
and it creates suction
on the carrot.
The carrot. which is
really. obviously--
And then you've got
a bigger carrot.
OK. that's enough.
No. no. but I want
to know. babe.
Yes.
You feel you need
a bigger penis?
Well. it wouldn't hurt.
[Laughs]
I don't know if I want
this in the documentary.
I know. I know.
Ollie:
You warm enough?
Yeah.
[Ollie laughing]
Ollie. voice-over:
We are a team.
We make things together.
The outcome is usually
some short. wanky
visual montage thingy
that we will one day
force our kids to watch.
What if I laid down?
Ollie. voice-over:
I fell in love with Zoe's brain
three years ago.
These silly little projects
remind me
of why I want to marry her.
Zoe: Real sexy.
Am I meant to look
emo or something?
Zoe: Make noises!
[Growling]
Run! Make the noise.
[Laughing]
I think this
might be sewage.
[Laughter]
Ollie. voice-over:
With every project.
we knit ourselves
closer and tighter.
Now you can see
everything.
[Laughing]
Not on the nipple.
No. don't! Not
on the nipple.
[Grunting]
[Laughing]
Hyah! Ha ha!
This will be
good for us
and for your
eyebrows.
And the film will
be good. too. yes.
You will be like
Frida Kahlo
sans monobrow.
[Groaning]
OK. got it.
Sit still now.
Ugh!
Ollie. voice-over: Our wedding
is less than 12 months away
and the perfect ending
for our film.
Ollie: Well. I'll walk
you through it.
We were thinking
if the altar is here...
[Zoe laughing]
Zoe: I wish I could ride
up the aisle on a horse.
David: Well. we could
arrange that. I'm sure.
Zoe: We could probably
actually do that.
It'd be a short ride.
Zoe: I'll come in
from here...
the dress draping...
Angela: Yup.
jump off.
It'd be
pretty exciting.
David: It is exciting.
Yeah.
You could go right up
to the altar.
[Computer beeping]
Oh. ha ha.
Hello.
The German spy.
Yes. How are you?
[Indistinct]
That's good.
Fine. fine.
How are you?
[Speaking German]
Shirin: And this is Maina.
Hi. Maina.
Meeting.
Hello. Maina.
So it's going to be
a New Zealand wedding.
but I was thinking
if I wear
that traditional Indian
outfit--what was that called?
Shirin: Yeah. the turban.
kind of a turban.
and the long kurta. Yeah.
The one that I got
for Liam's wedding.
Shirin: Yeah. but still
it might--have you tried it
if it fits you still? Ha ha.
No. No.
I haven't.
Ha ha. So probably I'll have
to get you a new set.
The bride has
to wear red
because nothing
can outdo the bride.
and she needs to be
the best on that day.
Oh. Is it red.
not white?
She has
to wear red?
Red. red is the traditional
sari color for marriage. red.
And. uh...
With the mid--
Of course. a red point.
the red dot.
which is a sign of marriage.
Oh. yeah. You get it
already made now.
It's no big deal.
I don't have to draw
a circle.
You know. she just has
to stick it. It's a red dot.
But--but--but I want you
to draw a circle.
But imagine everyone looking
at the dot instead of
the face because the circle's
not turned out round.
No way. I'm not
gonna draw it.
But you can draw
a circle.
I can't.
[Laughing]
It's just a circle.
You can just dip your
finger in paint and go.
You got to come to India
and marry.
Then I've got a person
who'll put the henna.
a person who'll measure you.
Would you prefer if we came
to India to get married?
It would be--uh. let's say.
it's easier. because--
For you.
I'm really so thankful
to Ganesha and Shiva
and to all the gods
I've prayed that you
finally found the girl
you've been looking for.
[Laughs]
[Dance music playing]
[Indistinct conversations]
Zoe: That's a real cool--
drag dress--drag top.
Hi. Yes. we're
making a film
about our
open relationship.
How's it going?
It's going really good. so if
you want to. you know. like...
Ollie: All right.
Zoe: whatever.
"All right. all right.
All right."
Here. Take
the camera back.
Are you OK with this?
Ollie: Is it OK?
Are you OK?
Yes.
Like...
Ollie: OK. Thank you.
Ollie. voice-over:
When people ask us
why we're in
an open relationship.
we cycle through explanations:
You can be more
versions of yourself
with different partners.
We want to make the most
of our bodies
while they're stretchy.
God. you're
a weirdo...
Ollie. voice-over:
Love is never secure
no matter how much
we pretend it is.
There is always a third
waiting for their chance.
So we embrace the third.
But nothing sticks
until we mention that
we are long distance.
and then people get it.
[Music on soundtrack]
Hey. Can you talk?
Can you narrate?
I mean. can you talk about
where you're off to. Zoe?
Why are you leaving me?
OK. Well. we're at
Dunedin airport.
And I'm going to
Auckland airport
without Ollie.
but he promises
he's coming soon.
I'm going because...
[Sighs]
you can't be an actor
in Dunedin. turns out.
[Laughing]
Ollie: Surprise. surprise.
so I'm going out there.
Yeah.
[Indistinct P.A. announcements]
So I'm going
up there.
but I'm going
to miss you.
I'm coming.
[Laughing]
What are you doing.
you idiot?
So the camera
can pick it up.
So this--why. why?
It's like. those
little pecky stuff.
the camera's not
gonna register.
Oh. so we have
to do this?
I like it.
[Exaggerated moaning]
Or maybe not.
[Laughing]
Give me a cuddle.
OK.
I love you.
I'm gonna miss you.
[Indistinct P.A. announcements]
Hello.
I got a new job in town editing.
and I'm biking to work.
It's about 25 minutes.
Gonna strap this GoPro
into my bike.
and I'm gonna bike up hills
and lose weight
and save money
and not get run over
because I've got my fluoro on.
Ha the Unclear: ♪ Big city ♪
♪ Big city ♪
♪ Big city. big... ♪
♪ We live in it ♪
Ollie. voice-over: I don't have
any family in New Zealand
apart from Zoe.
Ha the Unclear: ♪ A man wears
headphones in the back seat ♪
♪ He seems pretty out of it.
the bus is lurching... ♪
Ollie. voice-over:
And with her now at
the other end of the country.
I can spend all my time at work.
I love my work. I work a lot.
These days. you can't even
call someone a sheila
or a chook or a bloody galah.
Ollie. voice-over:
Zoe loves her craft. too.
She's good at it.
She gets to play
the many versions
of her extroverted self.
I'll just that's enough
for this.
Man: That's really good.
Ollie:
Girlfriend-wife.
Boyfriend-husband.
Yes.
You look happy.
I'm happy.
Zoe: Yeah? I miss
you already.
Ha the Unclear: ♪ Big city ♪
♪ Big city ♪
♪ Big city... ♪
Ollie: Have you adjusted
your app settings?
Yeah. of course.
All right. So how's
that up there?
Is it better than
down here?
Yeah. yeah. But there's
way more--matches.
Ha the Unclear: ♪ Big city ♪
♪ Big city ♪
♪ Big city. big... ♪
Ollie: I got a new
bike clock for my bike.
Oh. that's--ha ha!
That was the highlight since
you've left. pretty much.
Ha the Unclear:
♪ Big city. big ♪
♪ We live in it ♪
♪ Everyone's
anonymous now... ♪
I'll just--I'll keep
looking on Grindr.
OK. Are you OK?
It's a bit awkward
because. you know.
you're in a small town.
Yeah. I think I saw
someone on there that I know.
Are you all right
about it?
Yeah. yeah.
No. it's fine.
OK. Good.
Yes.
I'm glad.
Ha the Unclear
♪ La la la la la la... ♪
Ollie. voice-over:
Being in an open relationship
has allowed me to
embrace being bisexual.
It was a lingering curiosity
throughout my 20s
but never explored.
Ha the Unclear: ♪ Big city ♪
♪ Big city ♪
♪ Big city. big... ♪
[Whispers indistinctly]
OK. it's Monday night.
2 minutes before 9:00.
[Vehicle horn honks]
My date's at 9:00.
It's with a guy called Thomas.
I'm just gonna get a wide shot
of Albar.
Ollie. voice-over:
Now I embrace it.
and it comes in very handy
because it's not easy finding
a woman interested
in a casual encounter with a guy
who's engaged
in a city of just
over 100.000 people.
Man: Yeah.
Hi.
Thomas.
Ollie.
Do you mind
if I film?
Um. yeah. Sorry.
I'll turn this off.
OK.
[Indistinct conversations]
Sorry. I--
Got it?
Yeah.
All right. All set.
It is quarter past 9:00.
And I finished my date
with Thomas.
[Bird squawking]
Um. it was a bit awkward.
I shouldn't have filmed.
Zoe: Cool. Right...
[Zoe moaning]
[Kiss]
I'll be right back.
OK.
[Clears throat]
Hi.
What do you do?
I'm trying
to relax.
Sorry.
If you'd stop talking.
it'd be great.
OK.
Zoe: What are you boys
chatting about?
Bread.
Man: Oh. bits and bobs.
Zoe: Bits and bobs?
Hi.
Zoe: Hey. babe. OK.
we're gonna just--
OK...
I think that's enough
for you
for one evening.
OK. Thank you.
You can finish yourself
off. OK. babe?
Yeah.
[Computer chimes]
Where are we
going. Rose?
We're going to Gigi.
adult department store.
where we have
adult toys. lingerie.
pills and stimulants.
[Digital bell rings]
Rose: Ooh! Shit.
What the...sh--
let's...
[Doorbell chimes]
Someone else came.
Can we just talk about
this for a second?
Rose: Hmm?
I mean. does your
fanny sparkle?
Yes. it does.
actually.
[Laughter]
I saw this guy last night.
He'd shaved all down there.
Ew. OK.
"Surprise.
My dick's small."
[Laughs]
Zoe: Was it non-consensual?
Ollie: No.
Ollie. voice-over: Here we are
10 months until the wedding.
Zoe: Why am I filming
you washing your hands?
I can't wash my hands
because there's no soap.
No soap at a sex party?
Ollie. voice-over:
It's the classic formula
of boy meets girl.
girl gets engaged to boy.
boy takes girl to a sex party
at a central Auckland
private residence
that features a grope tent.
multiple sex swings.
a bondage play area. plenty of
lube. butt plugs and strap-ons.
Earlier that evening. and
because this is all new to us...
Zoe: ♪ I'm getting ready
for a sex party ♪
♪ I'm getting
ready for a sex party ♪
That's the chorus.
I haven't thought of
any of the rest of it.
The voice of
an angel.
Ollie. voice-over: We made sure
to be extra meticulous
in our preparations.
All right. I was gonna
wear this on my left arm
just to cover
my tattoos so people
won't think I'm in a gang.
No one's gonna think
you're in a gang. babe.
They might.
[Laughing]
OK. so this we
haven't tried yet.
but we've bought.
Yeah.
Are we gonna use it for
the first time tonight?
Yeah. baby.
[Cracks]
Does it even hurt?
No. a little bit.
Go gently first.
Oh. that's fine. OK.
Ow. Fuck. That went
right in the vag.
Sorry.
OK. retake it.
So you want me
to hold it?
Yeah. you're the dominant.
Pull it a bit.
But keep the tension.
Do it exactly like a dog.
Ohh. it's so weird.
Why is it weird?
'Cause I'm hurting you.
You're not hurting me.
Just pull it harder.
like that.
Ollie: You film me
while I hold it.
Zoe: OK. So you're
my master.
OK. What do I call you?
Slave? Lady?
My main girl...
little lady...
Little lady.
You are Elizabeth
the slave lady.
[Zoe laughs]
Just go. "Roar!"
OK.
[Softly]
Roar.
Oh. you're pathetic.
Shut up. Elizabeth.
[Laughter]
Ollie. voice-over: Zoe and I
started this journey
armed with little more than
a handful of rules
and raging libidos.
But it's time to face facts:
We are now officially
full-blown swingers.
Make it "Rah-rah-roar!"
Why?
Just 'cause it helps.
Helps you?
Yeah.
[Yells]
Is that how people
do bondage?
Babe?
Yeah.
I can't wait to do
this with you.
I'm really excited.
Come on. That's enough.
Let's just go.
And turn your phone off
'cause you're not a pervert.
[Sound of woman moaning]
Zoe: You were pretty much.
Ollie: OK.
Oh. Are we kissing?
Yeah. We're gonna
do a kiss.
OK.
OK. I'll start off on. like.
are we doing
portrait or--
No.
this way?
No?
Never.
You did not ask me that.
You do landscape.
babe...
[Laughs]
please.
OK.
Your leg was up. though.
akimbo on the whatsit.
My leg was adumbo.
Akimbo.
Husband-boyfriend.
Ooh. Hello.
[Zoe chuckling]
Hey. husband--
Hey.
[Zoe laughs]
What would you like
to talk about?
No. you can't--
Oh. just say "Start."
You shit.
I'll just shut up.
Husband-boyfriend.
may I please take
a second of your time?
Yeah. I'm just
reading a book.
I know. but I've got
something really important
I want to discuss.
What would you like
to discuss?
Um. I've been thinking...
Mm-hmm.
that we should maybe try
an open relationship.
Is that how you're
gonna say it?
What. I guess it was
a bit expositional.
wasn't it. like--
We used to do it
together.
Is this you being
in the scene.
or is this Ollie telling--
Yeah. No.
OK. So in real life.
no. I said it.
Did you?
Yeah. I definitely
said it.
Zoe: Hey. Nini.
[Whistles]
Ready?
Ollie: Good girl.
Good girl!
Ollie. voice-over:
Here's what I love about Zoe:
One--she talks in her sleep.
frequently.
The most innocent. cute little
stories. Abstract. like poetry.
Sometimes she farts
in her sleep. too.
How long have you
been filming me?
Two--her confidence.
She knows who she is. and she
likes herself. That's hard.
Zoe: What's it. like
it's a doggie's tail?
Three--
This is how
a chef does it.
from a great
height.
she's a full adult.
soaking oats overnight.
flossing her teeth daily.
[Ollie laughing]
Four--her energy.
She tells the sun off
for rising too late.
And I get to ride
in her wake.
Oh! That was supposed
to be a "Whoo!."
but I tripped
at the same time.
And five--
she's smarter than me.
She has a bigger vocabulary
because she reads more.
I used to argue
that I'm visual instead.
that we are equals.
1. 2. 3.
But then. you're only as
smart as the things you do.
the things you say.
I am so excited to
marry you. Zoe.
I love you so much.
I admire your
intelligence
and that you're really
confident in yourself
and that you've chosen
me to be your husband.
It makes me really
proud
and strive to be the
best self I can be.
Ollie. voice-over:
Soon: Husband and wife.
No one else.
Zoe: This is Tom.
Ollie. meet Tom.
Tom. meet Ollie.
[Softly]
Hi. Ollie.
[Zoe chuckling]
[Phone line connecting]
Hi.
Ollie: Good to see you.
Good to see you. too.
You're a bit blurry.
Oh.
So I went on a date
with Tom.
Who's Tom again?
Tom. the guy who's
directing my play.
Right.
Well. it wasn't a date.
but we just went--
well. it--
now it's a date.
but it wasn't supposed
to be a date at the time.
We just went for a beer
after rehearsals.
and we carried on drinking.
and we just ended up
at this club.
and we were dancing.
and we were just talking.
And I--I could not
stop laughing that
my face is so sore
from laughing.
[Laughs]
Oh. sorry. Yeah.
That's great.
No. it feels weird to
tell. obviously. you...
[indistinct] that--I had
just such an amazing time
with this guy
and I'm really into him.
Yup.
His last name's
Tom Roy.
so you can Face talk
him if you want.
Tom Roy. It's like
two first names.
Yeah. He's an actor.
But that is his real name.
He didn't change it.
He's an actor and director.
He's got this really deep.
sexy voice.
Zoe: Did that get
all weird?
There's a photo of
him with a gun.
How old is he?
He's like our age.
but he's an actor.
In a gorilla costume.
Is he goofy?
He's not goofy.
but he's got
a really good
sense of humor.
Like. it's different from
your sense of humor.
but he's--he's really
witty and sharp and--
Yeah. Cool.
Yeah.
But. like. underplayed.
quite deadpan.
Uh-huh.
He makes me laugh
anyway.
Is he straight?
Yeah. real
straight. babe
Wouldn't be keen
on--I'm sorry.
So this is gonna be.
like fuck buddies or...?
Fucking. the chicken's
going off again.
I'm just gonna
jump out and--
[Exhales]
No. I think it's gonna
be more than that.
Yeah?
[Rooster crowing in distance]
Can you hear
that chicken?
Yeah. Why are you doing
about the chickens?
We're having an actual
meaningful conversation.
Can you be present?
Sorry. Yes. OK.
Tom: What do you
want me to do?
Zoe: Just walk into
the shot and be normal.
That's good.
[Both laugh]
Very good.
[Engine starts]
Zoe:
Very good.
Bye. babe.
[Laughing]
[Indistinct conversation]
Tom: Whoo.
[Laughing]
[Tom Laughing]
Ollie. voice-over:
Being polyamorous means
choosing to reject monotony.
That means we have to negotiate
jealousy instead.
which is just an emotion you
can train yourself to overcome.
Right?
[Indistinct whispering]
♪ La la la la la ♪
[Burps]
Whoa.
[Chuckling]
Ollie: Hi.
Woman: Hi.
Will you tell me what
happened on Sunday?
On Sunday.
So I was meeting up
with this guy.
His name was Ollie.
I met up with him
with my dog.
And he was very
squishy. Ha ha.
I felt like maybe it was
just heartburn.
I mean. you know.
and I was nervous. too.
Ollie: Do you know
what this plant is?
A swan plant?
Swan.
Swan. Yeah.
For the monarchs.
And then I suggested that
we went home to your house.
And then you said that. um.
you'd have to talk about it
before we sort of took
that next step.
and I totally
understood that.
Yeah. There's no way
I want to do anything
to compromise your
relationship.
Hmm.
Ollie: Um...
do you want to say
anything to Zoe?
Hi. Um. I can't wait
to meet you.
and I don't want you
to feel threatened
or anything towards me
because I am just
so looking forward
to being in your life
and Ollie's life.
And if you're not.
that's cool. too.
I can go away and do
something else with my life.
[Laughs]
But the ball is in your
court and Ollie's court. OK?
Wow.
[Cows mooing]
Zoe: How was your day?
Great. Went on a date
with Siobhan.
and we walked her dog
for a wee in the park.
So I got Siobhan's message.
She seems cool.
Yeah.
she's a good egg.
Zoe: Do you like her?
Ollie: I like her.
Zoe: Oka--Ok.
Ollie: No. Zoe. it's
not--it's not like.
not like love. really.
It's just nice
to feel desired
by someone new.
You OK?
Zoe: Yeah.
Yeah. yup.
I guess I'm the one--
that's been used to having
all the hook-ups.
But. yup.
Welcome to my world.
Yeah. welcome to your world.
This is what
it feels like.
I'm fine with it.
Just don't go see her
all the time.
Like. don't spend
every second with her.
All right.
When are you going
out with her again?
Um. well. I was going
to talk to you about it...
Yes.
because we've got great
communicating skills.
and I'm making sure that
you are fine with it.
I am fine. I am fine.
I have the feelings. but I...
am--I am happy
for you as well.
I am happy for you. babe.
Thank you. I love you.
I love
you. too.
We're still getting
married. eh?
Of course
we are.
OK. fine. I love you.
I love you. I love you.
I love you.
I love you...
to the moon
and back.
OK. bye.
Mwah.
Yeah. You hang up.
No. you hang up.
Don't do that.
Don't--
Just don't--shut up.
I'm hanging up.
I don't even want to--bye.
OK.
♪ Over the sea ♪
♪ Under the stars ♪
♪ I found myself ♪
♪ In a roadside bar ♪
♪ Fistful of fire ♪
♪ Just looking
for a fight ♪
♪ But all I found was... ♪
Circle. Yup.
circle. Yup. Go.
[Panting]
OK. good. Oh.
that--that--yeah.
Bowie? Hey.
What are you doing?
What are
you doing?
Hello.
Hello. How are you?
All right.
How was work?
Work was fine.
[Kiss]
I'm sweaty.
I just got a text
from Zoe.
Yeah.
She's going to
a grinding party tonight.
What's that?
I don't know.
They just grind.
Anyway. so I'm just
gonna say. "Yup.
Do what you want."
and. "Have as much sex
as you want.
I don't really care."
So we'll just have
to have as much fun
as they do at
a grinding party
on open marriage
night.
It's a competition.
[Laughs]
Well. I'm making a vegan
cauliflower bake.
so I really doubt that
we're gonna be having
that much fun.
Well. that sounds
pretty good.
OK. that's it. Bye.
We're having a really
good time.
I pretty much just moved
in with Siobhan
for a week.
I thought it was longer.
Oh. two months?
I thought you said.
"At least 6 months."
[Chuckles weakly]
Yes.
I haven't had
food poisoning in--
Woman: 1-1-2.
Oh. that's us.
Hold on.
1-1-2!
1-1-2.
[Woman speaking
indistinctly]
Thank you. Yeah...
Zoe: I can't wait for
Ollie to meet you.
Why?
So he'll see
you're a good guy.
[Knock on door]
Hiya.
Ha-ah. I'm filming.
I know.
Is that all right?
Yeah.
Ollie: I now have
a girlfriend...
as well
as a fiancee.
She's very pretty.
Why do you have
a girlfriend
when you've already
got a fiancee?
Why not?
It means that I can be
more versions of myself.
One version of you
is enough--Ha ha!
[Laughter]
let alone 3 or 4!
You got a fiancee. You
don't need a girlfriend.
Wilbur. it's not like--
Yeah?
Ha ha!
It's not like
we're this vessel
with a limited amount
of love that we can give
to people.
Like. if you have children.
you can love more than--
if you had two children.
you would love them both.
You wouldn't just love
one of them.
Yeah? You wouldn't fuck
your children. hopefully.
[Ollie laughing]
I mean...
I'm talking about love.
you're talking about sex.
They're just--they're
intertwined.
I disagree. Wilbur.
We shall meet again
in a year.
and I'll stand
above you saying.
"Look at what I've got.
"Look at what
we have built.
a nonconformist. different
type of relationship."
"All the people who
didn't believe in me
"will be sitting down
like the fat losers
"like they are.
"And I will have
my 3 girlfriends
who mean nothing to me
apart from my fiancee."
That's not true.
I very much like
Siobhan a lot.
Yeah. cool. Yeah.
She should have a chance
to like someone
like you like Zoe. though.
So how's it going
with Tom?
Awesome.
I can tell.
[Laughing]
Look at your face.
Don't push it--
It's like glowing.
What about Ollie?
The director thing
is. like...
it's making Ollie
a bit threatened.
Plus. he's got
a motorbike. so...
But it's fine.
I think he's fine.
Are you fine? Ha ha!
Like. because--
But he's
threatened. though.
Well. yeah. yeah.
But I--
He's threatened
in multiple ways.
We always knew that was
gonna be part of it.
Like. jealousy's just
this thing. you know.
We talked about it.
But it's also like.
I told him
Tom isn't husband
material. He's not--
he's. you know.
he just got out of
this really long-term.
like. totally fucked-up
relationship.
That doesn't mean
that he
can't have a relationship
in the future.
It just means that now
he's unavailable.
Yeah. but with me.
he doesn't want kids
or anything. so...
and I want like--I want.
like. a little army of.
like. that--you know.
they stay really small.
And me and Ollie are
just. you know.
and there's no way I'm
never gonna stop finding
Ollie attractive.
He's--I love him. He's
my husband-boyfriend.
I know you hate me
saying that. Yeah.
OK. I guess
that makes sense.
[Chuckles]
OK. I'm coming.
Oh. I think it's a bit big.
a bit maternity bride.
Rose: Are you
a maternity bride?
[Laughs]
How do you not
fall over in this?
Rose: I guess you do have
to lift it up.
[Laughter]
What are
the tissues for?
Rose: They're for
people crying.
Why aren't you crying?
I came out.
You should be crying.
I'm so beautiful.
Zoe. voice-over: Tom said that
he wants to love me
as much as he can before
big changes happen
'cause who knows
what will...?
Rose: That is good.
Do you hold your dress
when you walk down?
No. You just--
You only hold your
flowers
and your dad.
Zoe. voice-over:
But he also said that he'll
still be stopping by when
I'm pregnant.
so I'll still be sexy
and beautiful
and he'll want to put his hands
all around me.
[Chuckles]
And I told Ollie that.
and he said
he didn't want Tom's dong
touching his baby.
Ollie:
You know Saint Bathans
in Central Otago?
That's a place
where I go--
Shirin: Yeah.
I was there. and I was
walking around a lake.
There's a beautiful
lake.
and then I suddenly
slipped and fell. and--
When?
Oh. just a couple
of weeks ago.
And then?
And then I looked around
if someone saw me fall.
And then I became
curious as to why
my first response
was to check
if someone else
saw me fall
and where that
comes from.
And I think it's
looking for
some sort of
connection with someone
to validate
my experience
to share the experience
with. you know?
Just so that
I'm not alone.
Hmm. but there are
no crocodiles in that lake
you swam on. right?
Zoe: No. get away. Aah.
[Laughing]
I'm too slow.
Now. get off. Get off.
[Laughs and screams]
[Laughs]
I give up. I give up.
Zoe: Whoa!
This is lovely. darling.
Ollie: Yeah.
Gorgeous.
Ollie: All right.
Just give it to me.
Ooh. whoo.
Ollie: Just open your
mouth a bit more.
Oh. I'm on video mode.
Oh. for God's sake!
[Ollie chuckling]
I'll send it to Tom.
Ollie:
No reception here.
Yeah. well. I'll send it
when we get home.
Ah. yeah. yeah.
[Laughing]
OK. OK. OK. OK.
Singers: ♪ Ooh ooh ooh... ♪
[Inaudible conversation]
Ollie: I started
making a documentary.
Yeah.
And what started as
a documentary about
going into
an open relationship--
do you know what
that means?
Living together.
[Laughing]
No. Uh. open
relationship means
that you're together
but you're allowed
to have sex
with other people.
Shirin: Oh. Oh.
[Laughing]
And then we became
polyamorous.
Do you know
what that is?
No.
It means having
multiple partners.
So it's in the film
where you actually did it.
No. we actually
did it.
So we started making
a documentary
about going into
an open relationship.
and then she found
a boyfriend.
Yeah.
And I found
a girlfriend.
Yeah.
And so you've never
had an experience
with polyamory.
obviously. so--
No. Like. what you said
I've got to check on
the Internet what that means.
[Laughing]
Just don't do
an image search.
And it's gonna be
kind of happy ending
with our wedding?
Yeah. Heh.
[Laughs]
Once we get
to the wedding.
then we stop this.
and we'll just be
monogamous.
just her and I.
you know?
So it's just to have
a bit of fun
before we get married.
So you're gonna
show all that.
It's going to be
a semi-porno thing?
[Laughter]
Zoe: OK.
This will be fun.
Off we go.
Ollie. voice-over:
It's only 4 months
until Zoe and I
are getting married.
Let's make it warm.
Zoe: Yeah.
that'll be nicer.
Today is the day
she finally meets Siobhan.
We're at her place.
supposedly dog sitting.
Hey. Bowie.
Want an enema?
[Zoe laughing]
"OK. Ollie."
Zoe: Would you
like an enema. Bowie?
Would you
like an enema?
Would you like an enema?
Good thing we're doing it
in the bathtub in case--
Yeah.
Ollie. voice-over: In theory.
sharing a home enema kit
sounded like fun.
Siobhan: Ooh!
[Laughing]
Ollie: You all right?
Yeah. Are you ready?
Yup.
OK.
Ollie. voice-over:
In theory. it seemed like
the perfect way to prepare
ourselves
for any eventuality.
Oh. fuck. OK.
In theory.
[Grunting]
Bowie. no.
So I'm putting oil
on there.
Yup.
Aah.
It's fucking cold.
OK. Well. I'm just
on your face.
I'm not looking at your--
we're not looking at your--
Oh. yeah.
it's happening. Uhh.
Zoe: OK. so it's going from
the hot water bottle to...
Zoe: You want
to hold my hand?
Oh. it's all lubed up.
isn't it?
Is that the one you used
to put it in your ass?
[Laughs]
It's empty. It's empty.
I'm gonna stay on the
other side of your asshole
in case it starts.
[Laughter]
Poor Bowie's over
there waiting for--
about to get it
in the face.
OK. I have
to get up.
Where are we going.
Bowie? Where is he going?
Run for your life.
Ollie: Oh. Ohh. Oh.
Zoe: OK. if you jump
around a bit.
don't step in the bath.
though. OK?
OK.
Do a little dance.
Do a little wiggle.
[Inhaling and exhaling]
Well done.
[Bowie whimpering]
Oh. no! Ugh!
[Inhaling and exhaling]
Zoe: Tell why we're
doing this.
OK. So. ahem. We're about
to have our first threesome
with Siobhan. and there
might be butt play.
[Whimpers]
[Growls]
Zoe: Oh. my God.
OK. OK. OK. go!
I got to go.
Get away. Get away. Bowie.
[Zoe chuckles]
[Ollie groaning. Zoe chuckling]
[Bowie whimpering]
Are you OK?
You know. there are certain
events in your life
where you appreciate
that you're healthy
and you appreciate your knees
when you go down hills.
Yup.
But today is a day
where I appreciate
that I've got
a really healthy.
well-functioning anus.
It lets me keep
some dignity.
[Laughing]
[Music playing on soundtrack]
[Conversation not audible]
[Tapping. water running]
You--you feel OK?
Zoe: What do
you mean?
About last night?
Yes. Ha ha.
I feel great
about last night.
You didn't mind seeing
me and Siobhan?
No. It was good to
watch my man be virile
with another woman.
[Muffled]
Wow. Viral.
Whirr?
What are you...?
Vi--viral?
Virile.
I don't--what's that mean?
It means like.
potent-like.
like a lion.
Raw-rawr.
That's--that's
exactly right.
Like.
"Rawr-rawr."
That should
be my middle name.
Jan Ollie
Viral Lucks?
Have you and Siobhan
said the L word?
Um. say again?
Have you and Siobhan
said the L word?
No. I don't think--
I'm not sure we feel
that way.
I mean. I see her more
as a friend.
Tom told me
he loved me.
When?
A couple days.
there or so. ago.
What did you say?
I said. um.
"Me. too."
He said he'd
suck cock for me.
which is. like.
pretty much
the ultimate
declaration of love.
[Chuckles]
I suck cock for you
all the time.
[Chuckles softly]
[Birds squawking]
You OK with
the bag. babe?
Oh. yeah. Well. one of us has
got to film the other one.
and it's usually you. because
you're becoming increasingly
the director.
Ollie: No. no. no. I film.
I don't mind.
The whole film will
just be my face.
You're much prettier
than me.
I just kissed her
hand off-camera.
You're doing it
on camera now?
Are you sure that's on?
[Laughing]
Come and help.
Grab the other side.
Want to do cheers?
[Crunches]
To us.
OK. Can you film me?
You want me
to film you? Sure.
I feel--
Oh. goodness. Where are you
going with this. darling?
Um. I feel
like I'm giving up...
[Clears throat]
Um...
I guess I'm just sort of
understanding now that we.
you know. we're going
over a bridge
and suddenly. there's
your life with me.
but there's also a separate
life where you have--
Right.
secrets.
Well. they're not secrets.
They're just--
No. I know.
But it does feel
like I'm giving up
part of you and.
you know. like.
there's only a little
bit less of Zoe left.
I don't think
when we have kids.
Tom's gonna fit
into our unit. so...
OK. serious now.
Try and be with me
and not with that.
OK.
If it wasn't for this film.
would you ask me
to leave Tom?
Would you be able
to stop seeing him
if I asked you
to stop seeing him?
It doesn't matter.
When we have kids.
he's not gonna fit
into our family unit. so...
OK. We'll just
have kids now.
What? Yes. now.
Ja!
[Laughing]
Ollie: On the ground
next to you.
Oh. my God. Cuties.
Little birdie.
[Chirping]
What's he gonna do
with that? He's gonna be--
Oh. he can fly
with it. Ha ha!
He's a muscle man. Ha ha!
[Zoe chuckles]
Zoe: There he is.
Oh. you sex god.
Who? Me?
Ha ha. Yeah. you.
[Chuckling]
Yeah.
You're so handsome.
[Zoe laughing]
Ha the Unclear:
♪ I scour the years... ♪
Zoe: Ha ha! But you don't
have to deal with all this.
No. All this.
All of the domestic
neuroses.
All the domestic
Oliver can deal with
the domestic neuroses.
You just get to have a...
You just take that shit
back down to him.
good time. Ha ha!
Ha the Unclear: ♪ Well. I
wish the scientists were wrong ♪
♪ When they say... ♪
Do you think
that looks good?
What do you care?
You haven't been filming
as much recently.
Enough.
[Song ends]
Now. this must be
where the bulb goes.
Ohh. Mansplain.
[Laughter]
Tom: Can you explain
something for me?
As long as it's not
about the lamp.
[Laughs]
Yeah. it's not
about the lamp.
No. monogamy.
OK. Sorry.
If all these different
versions of yourself exist
for different people. which
one of those is for me?
You know
which bit's for you.
[Soft laughter]
You're so cute
on the spot.
Don't. You know
which bit's for you.
I told you. I've never
done this before.
I haven't felt like
this before.
You know.
Thank you.
Does that make sense?
Mm-hmm.
Did I just mansplain
that well enough?
Mm-hmm.
Don't shake it.
[Chuckles]
Zoe: It's working
for you. isn't it?
You don't want commitment
and a long-term relationship.
do you?
Not after your ex.
Let's make this lamp.
You do it. Do you
want gin or vodka?
Tom: Vodka.
OK. I believe
in you. babe.
I believe in you.
You believe in me?
All I've got to do
is make gin.
I don't need
a lot of. like. belief.
I believe--I believe
in your gin.
[Laughter]
Zoe: That's too tight.
[Laughter continues]
Oh. don't.
You'll fall over.
Let me go up backwards.
No. you're too pissed.
No. you're too pissed
to do this.
[Laughter]
OK. Ha ha!
You can't carry--
Tom: I don't think this
is how you go upstairs.
You're never going
to make it.
You're never going to make it.
Zoe: OK. come on.
Don't. Be normal.
[Laughs]
OK. You look good.
Zoe: Hi!
Hey.
Hello.
Hey. baby.
Mwah.
How are you?
Good. good. good.
Hey.
Zoe: So...
How's it going. man?
Nice to meet you.
Yeah. Good to meet
you. too.
Zoe: No. Have a hug.
Hug it out.
Hey. dude.
Zoe: A bit weird.
Ollie:
Good to meet you.
Yeah. Welcome.
Ollie: Yeah. Thanks.
OK. Shall we go in?
Zoe: Yeah.
Bleah.
Zoe: Aw. You guys look
cute together.
[Men chuckle]
Zoe: Is that weird?
You're weird.
I know I'm weird.
[Zoe laughs]
Right.
Hmm.
[Zoe laughs]
Yeah. Should we...?
Well. now. guys...
have coffee or...?
Zoe: Let's make some tea.
Yes. yes.
OK. put your bag down. babe.
Tea. tea. I'll put
the kettle on.
Make some tea.
Put the kettle on.
[Whispers]
Are you OK?
Yes.
OK.
Zoe: You're both directors.
Did you feel threatened
by that?
I think our genres
are. like.
you're more fiction. eh?
Yeah.
And theater.
I don't do any theater.
And you make
documentaries. right?
Mm-hmm.
So. I mean. is that
really directing?
Quick. Film my feet!
Ollie: Filmmaking is so much
energy and effort. right?
Tom: Mm.
Ollie: I guess the
documentaries I make have me
in it because then I care
enough to work my ass off.
You know?
Zoe: Because you care so
much about yourself. babe.
Tom: You think that by
having yourself in them.
it makes you
care more...
Yeah. it's the only thing
that makes him care.
Fuck. That sounds
really bad. OK.
rather than
the subjects.
Can I rephrase my answer?
[Laughter]
I wouldn't. Ollie.
I wouldn't.
Zoe. voice-over: I
don't think it's anything
to be ashamed of.
It's understanding
myself better
and sharing those lessons and
then others--people can--
Zoe: Exactly.
Tom: It makes sense.
You just worded it
really badly.
[Zoe laughing]
Zoe: We want to show the world
through our own experiences
what vulnerability and love
and intimacy can be like.
but you're always behind
the camera.
so you're kind of taking
away that vulnerability
because you are...
Hiding behind it.
Because you're hiding
behind the camera.
Behind my shield.
Yeah.
That's true.
And in a way. run away
from what's really happening
by putting a camera
in front of it.
[Rain]
[Rock music blaring]
Zoe: You like it?
Ollie: It's very cinematic.
[Laughing]
Cinematic?
Zoe: Are we doing a cheers?
Cheers.
[Indistinct].
Ollie: Yum.
Thanks for that. Tom.
[Laughs]
Zoe: You're actually
gonna--oh. my God.
Do you want
to feel my ring?
There you go.
Are you having a good time?
Ollie: Yes.
Are you actually
having a good time?
[Zoe laughing]
Let's just take this dance.
[Dance music playing]
Zoe: Ollie.
you got to dance.
[Tom chuckling]
Zoe: Come and dance.
Come on.
He hates dancing.
Zoe: Ollie!
You can dance. Ollie.
I'll stop. then
you ask me to dance.
That's great.
[Music playing on soundtrack]
Zoe: What time is it?
Tom: How's midnight?
[Zoe laughs]
Ollie: It's 13 past midnight.
It's 13 and 47 seconds
past 12:00.
[Zoe chuckling]
Ollie: All right.
Zoe: Time to go.
Zoe: Ohh. Thanks. I can
never find the holes.
Tom: I'm really good
at finding them.
[Zoe laughing]
Ollie: Can you hold
the camera?
Zoe: You want me to watch
you put on your jacket?
No.
Let me. Let me.
Come here. Come here.
No. no. That's all right.
Come on.
Come on. Ollie.
Zoe: Come on. No. no.
Do it. Go with it. Ollie.
Ollie: Thanks. babe.
Yeah.
Zoe: Aw.
Who you calling
babe. me or him?
Both.
Both! Ha ha!
Bye-o.
OK. Oof.
All right.
So this is Tom's room.
Um. last night we came home.
and I made out with Tom.
which Zoe loved.
It was great.
And then I sucked him off.
he sucked me off.
And we started to fuck.
And I asked him
to pull out again.
and I peeled off--I peeled
the condom off his cock.
It was like the last little bit
of control I had
over their relationship.
And--because I asked them
to use a condom
whenever they had sex.
and they have.
And I just wanted to be
the one that peels it off
and allow them to feel
each other properly
for the first time.
And then this morning
I woke up.
and they were already
having sex next to me.
and now are having
a shower together.
I don't like having showers
with someone.
I don't want to be in a shower
with someone else.
I think it's inefficient.
You just--you don't get
enough water.
and half the time. you get cold.
It's not really the place
to do small talk.
I'm there to wash myself
and get clean.
In. out.
Um. yeah. I prefer to
have a shower by myself.
so I'll just wait
till they're done.
And then I'll have a shower.
and then we'll get dressed.
and we'll have breakfast.
Yeah. It was a great night.
[Laughs]
Whoo-hoo.
Zoe: OK.
Ollie: You all right?
OK. so if you sit
over there. I was thinking.
This is for a wide shot.
Tom: Down there?
Ollie: Yeah.
just down there.
[Cell phone ringing]
[Computer chimes]
Ollie: Hi.
Zoe: Hi.
How are you?
I'm OK.
Terrible.
[Sighs]
What are you doing tonight?
Nothing.
What are you doing
tomorrow?
What's about to happen?
Zoe: I think we
should break up.
What?
[Zoe sighs]
Ollie:
We were perfect.
I was perfect for you.
You were always pretending?
Babe. I wasn't pretending.
I feel in love with you.
and I loved you.
and I've been loving you
for the last 3 1/2 years.
And that stopped?
[Zoe whispers]
Yeah. I think it stopped.
[Zoe sighs]
When?
[Instrumental music playing
on soundtrack]
When I fell in love
with someone else.
Oh. fuck.
[Exhales]
Ohh. fuck.
[Call ends as computer chimes]
[Exhales]
Even though we
promised ourselves
to be the most important thing
to each other...
the heart wants what
it wants. and...
there's just nothing
I could do.
[Sobbing softly]
Because right now I feel like
I've been abandoned.
I was just...
it was almost a slam
in my face last night.
and I had no reason--no way
to talk about it.
And I don't even know
what's happening.
[Exhales]
I made the mistake of going
on Facebook...
and checking her
relationship status.
And it's not listed as engaged
to me anymore.
And the last three weeks.
I lost about. like. 8 kg.
not cause I wanted to.
but 'cause
my appetite's gone.
[Ollie sighs]
Ollie: I said good-bye
to Siobhan last night.
I don't know in what capacity
I'll see her again.
Um. yeah.
I just started your
commitment to this.
I think we...
Ollie: Need to?
need to connect
a whole lot more.
Because this is all just
skimming the surface.
You think it's worth it
to put up with this planning
and me wanting
more of you?
You can understand
where I'm coming from...
right?
Yes.
Ollie. voice-over: I lost Zoe.
I lost Siobhan.
I couldn't lose the film
as well.
Ollie: Hi.
Woman: Hello.
I'm Ollie.
Hi.
Um. right. Shall we
start with the board?
Hi. My name is
Georgia Pringle.
and I'm with Gail Cowan
Management.
I am Alice May Connolly.
These are my feet.
[Ollie chuckles]
My name is Romy Hooper.
Erin Howell. no agent.
I'm Sheena.
Um. this is my piece of paper.
I'm with Auckland Actors.
Ollie: Yeah. And--let's do
a run-through.
and then I might zoom in
on certain sections.
Woman: OK.
Ollie: We'll see
how it goes.
What's
about to happen?
I think
we should break up.
I think--Ollie. yeah.
I think we should
call off the wedding.
Ollie: What?
When you love someone.
you think you'll love
them forever.
but you really need
to. like. maintain
the thing.
Ollie: You're
always pretending.
Babe. I wasn't pretending.
I fell in love with you...
And I loved you. and I've
loved you...
for 3 1/2 years.
Ollie:
And that stopped?
I think it stopped.
Ollie: When?
When I fell in love
with someone else.
Oh. fuck.
That's sad. Ollie.
You all right?
Yeah.
Are you...?
No. genuinely fine.
That was good.
It started off quite
aggressive and defensive.
which is fine later.
but it was already there
at the start.
Ah. so was it? OK.
And after
"I'm perfect for you."
give it a solid pause.
So then straight
into another one?
Yup.
Ollie. voice-over:
The story of this film started
almost 5 years ago.
My fiancee and I decided to
make a documentary about us.
exploring alternatives
to monogamy.
Our documentary became my film
when she left me
for the new guy--Tom.
3 years later.
with permission from my ex.
I cast an actress. Natalie.
to finish the film with.
5 part. 3A.
take one.
100. take 3.
Man: Mark 2 for the GoPro
and the handheld.
Ollie. voice-over: Natalie
also became the co-writer.
Together we watched the original
documentary footage.
the parts we could use
and what we would recreate.
Let's look back
to what we had
before we started
this madness.
We were perfect.
Ollie's ex on video:
It was perfect for you.
Natalie:
Oh. fuck.
[Laughs]
Good night...
Zoe: It was good to
watch my man be virile
with another woman.
Like. rawr.
Whirr?
What are you?
Vi--viral?
Virile.
Yeah. Virile.
What's that mean?
With male potency.
Cool. That should be
my middle name.
That should be
[Laughter]
What are you
doing. you idiot?
So the camera can
pick it up.
Well. it's--it's
more cinematic.
You're thinking more
about how it looks
than about
how it feels.
My leg was adumbo.
Akimbo.
Ollie: Akimbo.
It's kind of weird.
I feel like a creepy old man
that sort of
recreates his old life.
Yeah. Cut. Fuck.
You got that.
You got what you wanted.
Woman: Yeah. it's great.
It didn't feel
authentic.
What didn't feel
authentic?
That's not
how it happened.
Natalie:
It's great. Ollie.
Woman: You don't need
another take. Ollie.
Ollie: You guys are
just full of shit.
Ollie. voice-over:
Siobhan is real.
My mother is real.
Bowie and Wilbur. real.
And this is the voice
of my real ex.
Ollie's ex: Pretend like
I just said something
that's kind of
a bit shocking
and surprising.
No. don't act. Ohh.
you're the worst.
[Laughs]
Ollie. voice-over: While she
has moved on from the project.
she is happy for me to use
some of our recordings.
[Ollie's ex humming on video]
Ollie on video: What if your
man diminishes in his shine.
becomes grubby.
stinky. lazy.
mooches over...
Ollie's ex: What do you
mean. "becomes"?
[Ollie and ex
laughing on video]
Ollie: Yeah.
let's cut that out.
[Ex laughing]
[Sound of wind blowing]
[Needle buzzing]
Ollie:
Pull my sleeve back.
Oh. for fuck's sake.
When did you
get this?
As soon as she
broke up with me.
It better not
be a dick.
[Laughs]
Why?
It's to remind me of
the lessons learned
in the last two weeks.
[Hesitantly]
That's good.
[Laughter]
Yeah. I was thinking
I'm gonna get a square
and a triangle
on this one.
Ollie. voice-over:
I got the tattoo to remember
my flaws and become better.
that I can't have my
cake and eat it. too.
But in the years following.
emotions rewrote
the story in my head.
I recast myself as the victim
over and over again.
But rewatching
what actually happened.
turns out I forgot
the worst version of me.
You are in competition
with my career.
Ex: What do you mean?
Like. my career is
as important to me
as you are.
Ex: Well. what if we
don't have enough money
to have a wedding?
Then we postpone
our wedding.
It's my fucking
industry.
I can only have
so much certainty.
She is a nymphomaniac.
She needs it a lot.
Ow.
You are a complete
asshole.
No wonder she left you.
[Loud thud.
muffled sound of waves]
Ollie. voice-over: The truth is
I neglected her pain
in all of this.
I wouldn't stop filming.
even as our relationship
fell apart
because It made for
a good story of me falling.
Natalie: OK. good.
Oh. that was good.
Natalie: OK. so the fall
was quite good.
but then the deliberate
sticking out of the leg
afterwards was
very manufactured.
OK. the fall was good.
Now you need to work on
your acting afterwards.
[Ollie grunts. chuckles]
[Yells]
Ollie. voice-over:
If I'm honest.
I was never right for
an open relationship
or polyamory.
Looking back. maybe her and I
just weren't as good
a match as I remembered.
They say an optimist is
only ever two people away
from a threesome.
That's all bullshit.
A bunch of scheisse.
I think next time.
I'll just have cake.